[broker] add brokerServiceUrl in TopicStats (#10810)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-topics.md

  -   **averageMsgSize**: The average size (in bytes) of messages published within the last interval.

  -   **storageSize**: The sum of the ledgers' storage size for this topic. The space used to store the messages for the topic.
  

>   -   **brokerServiceUrl**: The broker URL which is serving the given topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   **brokerServiceUrl**: The broker URL which serves a given topic.
```
